how's it going um it's very good today I
was been excited to be here for since
Union since I found out I was gonna be
here oh I'm excited to have you I feel
kind of dumb eyes I had no idea that you
and jennifer aniston were such close
friends she was just telling me in the
commercial break really because what I'm
like alive
she didn't say a lot no in fact she
denied knowing you live but but well yes
I we my family sometimes we go we you
know we've gone away for instance when
we summer on the island and Jennifer has
has been there do you be with us do
people lose their minds when you're
there with Jennifer Aniston I would
imagine that's a potent combination well
it's more like I'm a bag of potatoes
because she is everybody everywhere I
knows that's what you guys were talking
about right everyone knows Jenna Branson
right one person alive people are born
already knowing Jennifer we were we were
staying at a house there was a house we
were in a house in in in summering in
the islands and and the woman who took
care of the house was she was she was
Sid she wasn't this she wasn't abuse she
wasn't always smiling almost in a sense
she was never smile he was in the
kitchen and she was preparing he was
preparing hello she was preparing some
food and she was looking particularly
stirring this day for good reason right
anyway she was a little stern she was
getting some and and I was trying to
definitely to make her smile because I'm
I need to be liked and and then she
looked out because Jennifer was outside
with some people she's with some friends
of ours others and uh and she said she
stopped with not that she said he's got
the worldwide famous Jennifer Aniston Oh
did that put a smile that's what's
happening that's you are oh by the way
congratulations on the Rock and Roll
Hall of Fame nominee
were you aware that they were coming out
but that day I didn't know you didn't
know because it's not it's not because I
don't not because I'm excited right
because it's not it's good feels good
I'm not like waiting for it but it feels
it feels like of course pretty good yeah
and you know in good in good company you
know who hey buddy you know your buddy
your buddy texted me and told me that's
how I found out
whichever Oh Jake Tapper yeah he texted
me he said could well said the initials
of the road he's the one that told you
that it happened yeah I was like holy
and I was like you just edit yeah and
then I got other but I thought it was
pretty cool but the newsman gave me the
news yeah this game that you guys have
invented it fair to say invented game my
friend Brian okay this is how we met so
it's not weird we didn't say one day you
know who I'm gonna go find a guy who
makes games no we builds guitars right
he's a great guitar piano guitar for you
to give to JT that is correct that is
correct sir
it's Hakuna Matata yeah so and he builds
his beautiful guitars and did he come up
with the idea for Chicka peg so he did
he came he came he said Matthew kind of
talk like this but not quite as
eloquently I was playing a game with
some friends of mine and it's it was the
stupidest game I've ever played and I
was inside a box it said like a hundred
million copies sold I was like what wait
what and then he said he said so he made
up his own game uh-huh
and then he brought the game over to my
house like this is like six years ago
and we played it and it was a really
good game it's like it's it's I was like
what you just made this game up as a
revenge who wins when you guys who wins
when you guys play are you gonna my god
or when he wins but when I win it
crushes him he does yeah cuz he invented
the game and you think he did yes it's
like being beaten up by your son yeah
you know what's wrong what's happened
the game is very interesting also
there's oh my god it's the ferret what
I thought the bird didn't get the
reaction I wanted earlier so you just
keep firing away and now this is the new
game and in this one now did you invent
this game no it's right him he came he
said I got another game antes by the
noon and then he and then and then we
played it on some paper scraps and it
was another good game I was like what's
wrong with you
it seemed constantly working on games
now it's now now he's just trying to
sell it and I came here to talk to you
about it I should help him this is like
a charity thing this is for Brian but
you drew all the artwork you designed
the whole deal that's very good
look at this here we got all these
little fun you have your own style here
there's stell are these named after
anyone is named after my daughter that's
lumpy Joe lumpy Joe must be a friend of
Brian's that I don't know it was a slow
Sally I don't know that is that sounds
like an insult that's cool Han Lucas
Lucas Nelson you know he was just here
yeah did you know it's just wondering
you know what sometimes things just
really work out I think it feels good to
me you're not laughing enough that's be
more funny there's Buffalo Johnny and an
old Sam is old Sam based on anyone in
particular I'm not gonna cause I bet you
that old Sam doesn't want to be referred
to his old self himself is just
middle-aged Sam or something like that
yes how do you do the drawings is that
what you do it on paper is it a digital
thing how I want it backgrounds together
yeah they look like wood carvings almost
yeah that's more my stuff a print you
know did you obsess over this and you
can't for a little while you did more
that's a playing card to comes with a
deck of cards it does yeah and why is it
eight to seven to eight seventeen plus I
have no idea I think cuz my
twelve-year-old plays it I think it's
like is gambling immoral yes I think
there's looks like a little Las Vegas
care yeah
and there's toys there's poison in it oh
there is well yeah I think so they don't
want the kids with the booze and this
and there's also gunfights uh-huh okay
well that explains all yeah you don't
get that you know get any of that in
Candyland is what not in Canada yeah
that's um although I understand that's
not the best game no Candyland is the
worst game yes even two-year-olds argh
oh my god this is boring terrible
terrible
bring me some Hungry Hippos I'm gonna
eat this game well congratulations
whoo-hoo you're up to this
[Applause]
[Music]
getting it cheaper pig
with one girlfriend thanks for watching
if you like that video click the
subscribe button and if you didn't like
it will you hurt my feelings